# ElleHacks2019

ElleHacks2k19 is the final project.

Our purpose is centred around helping those individuals in Toronto who don’t have a place to stay. We present a platform allowing those in need to easily access a database of information regarding surrounding shelters. There is a large negative stigma surrounding those the homeless. However, the typical "lazy" homeless person portrayed the the public is merely a facade. The homeless include those who are in between jobs, new-coming immigrants and refugees, or those who have just had a windfall bad luck. Our platform acts as a short term solution in the process of rehabilitation. We have implemented the use of the google maps API in order to make information readily accessible to users. Users in need of a place to stay can use a computer in a public place. Our platform will show the beds available in nearby shelters. It also allows the user to reserve a bed, or contact the organization. TOshelter also benefits organizations and kind hearted citizens. Citizens have the option to enter their home, and offer a bed to a person in need through the website. Organizations and hospitals can use this platform to communicate availability in their shelters to avoid overcrowding. Every idea can always be expanded upon, and we have many plans. Our platform could be expanded to offer not only shelters, but also food, clothing, healthcare and other basic necessities. Analytics can be used by the city of Toronto to find future building prospects of new shelters. To make the platform more readily accessible, stations in public places such as hospitals and subway systems could be set up in order to allow users to easily check availability of shelters. All in all, our purpose is to help the homeless individuals of Toronto to go TO shelters.
